Update Interoperability doc with array, map mapping (#1698)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/calling-java-code-from-ballerina.md

byte | byte, short, char, int, long, float, double | Widening conversion from byte -> short, char, int, long, float, double
int | byte, char, short, int, long | Narrowing conversion when int -> byte, char, short and int
float | byte, char, short, int, long, float, double | Narrowing conversion when float -> byte, char, short, int, long, float
int[], float[], string[], byte[], boolean[] | io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BArray |
map | io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BMap |

> #### Mapping Arrays and Map Types from Java to Ballerina Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using Ballerina arrays and maps in Java

> Ballerina does not provide direct mapping of Java arrays and maps types to ballerina. In order to do mapping of arrays and map types from java to ballerina, you have to add the `ballerina-runtime` library to your java project and need to import relevant classes from the `ballerina-runtime` library. You can find the latest version of the library [here](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/org/ballerinalang/ballerina-runtime/).

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better to mention how to add runtime library as a dependency in maven and in gradle without only providing a link to where we can download the jar?

> Ballerina does not provide direct mapping of Java arrays and maps types to ballerina. In order to do mapping of arrays and map types from java to ballerina, you have to add the `ballerina-runtime` library to your java project and need to import relevant classes from the `ballerina-runtime` library. You can find the latest version of the library [here](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/org/ballerinalang/ballerina-runtime/).

Reviewer 2: shall we add sample gradle config

> Ballerina does not provide direct mapping of Java arrays and maps types to ballerina. In order to do mapping of arrays and map types from java to ballerina, you have to add the `ballerina-runtime` library to your java project and need to import relevant classes from the `ballerina-runtime` library. You can find the latest version of the library [here](https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/org/ballerinalang/ballerina-runtime/).

Author: Sure, 
```
repositories {
   // Use WSO2's Nexus repository manager for resolving dependencies.
   maven {
       url = 'https://maven.wso2.org/nexus/content/repositories/releases/'
   }
}

dependencies {
   // Add ballerina-runtime:2.0.0-Preview8 as dependency.
   implementation 'org.ballerinalang:ballerina-runtime:2.0.0-Preview8'
}
```
Adding this is enough right?

> ##### Mapping of Arrays from Java to Ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using Java arrays in Ballerina
```

Reviewer 2: or using ballerina values in Java

> In order to do mapping `arrays` from java to ballerina, you need to use `BArray` to enable array functionalities that support Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Ballerina arrays in Java BArray interface has been provided. 
```

> Following example illustrates how to write  to Ballerina.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following example illustrates how to write a the Java intreop code that uses Ballerina arrays 
```

> Java code that returns `BArray` type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java code that uses `BArray` type:
```

```java
import io.ballerina.runtime.api.values.BArray;

public class ArrayReverse {
   public static BArray arrayReverse(BArray arr) {
       long len = arr.size();
       for(long i = len - 1, j = 0; j < len/2; i--, j++) {
           Object temp = arr.get(j);
           arr.add(j, arr.get(i));
           arr.add(i, temp);
       }
       return arr;
   }
}
```

> ```ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Associated Ballerina code:
```ballerina
```
